SIG Docs Annual Report 2023 (#7859)
kubernetes/community: sig-docs/annual-report-2023.md

   - SIG Docs served as one of the first SIGs to setup and trial the new YouTube automation project lead by SIG Contributor Experience for all community meeting uploads
   - SIG Docs leadership created [onboarding and offboarding documentation and processes](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/discussions/38842) for Co-chairs and Tech Leads, alongside an annualized list of activities and work the SIG Docs leadership team is responsible for
   - We have initiated the start of a possible Translation Platform test for our localization teams, with more work on this initiative continuing in 2024

2. Are there any areas and/or subprojects that your group needs help with (e.g. fewer than 2 active OWNERS)?

   - The Kubernetes Blog Subproject currently only has one active editor, as we attempt to onboard further people to the blog reviewing team. This is a strain both on the usual blog work we have, as well as feature blogs linked with each Kubernetes release
   - The Reference Docs Subproject is currently lacking true ownership and process outlines, which we hope to solve via recruiting further Tech Leads for the SIG (currently in progress). At present, this subproject is understaffed

>    - SIG Docs is currently in a state of flux regarding leadership: three Tech Leads will step down in 2024, while we have actively recruited/replaced two of these positions

Reviewer: wdyt?
```suggestion
   - SIG Docs is currently in a state of leadership transition: three Tech Leads will step down in 2024, while we have actively recruited/replaced two of these positions
```
